Instructions	
1	The chart shows the overall flow and pages/screens in the application - Library Management System
2	Maintenance module is mandatory to be developed to create the reports and transactions modules
3	Basic formatting on screen is acceptable 
4	Chart link is on all pages to help navigate the user to the chart. It is not required in the working application.
5	Radio buttons - only one can be selected
6	Checkbox - checked implies yes and unchecked implies no.
7	passwords need to be hidden when typed on the login pages in the working application.
8	Admin can access maintenance, reports and transactions.
9	User cannot access maintenance. However user has access to reports and transactions.
10	Validations on forms
	Book Available
	One of the text box or drop down to be filled in before submitting the form.
	If none selected - user must get a message on the same page to make a valid selection
	Search Results 
	Against the available books, in the row, the last column will have a radio button that is selectable. 
	Book Issue
	Name of book required
	Name of author will get automatically populated and is non editable.
	Issue Date - cannot be lesser than today.
	Return Date - automatically populated with a date 15 days ahead. It can be edited to a date earlier than that. But not greater than 15 days.
	Remarks is non-mandatory.
	If the form is submitted without these details, an error is displayed on the page , to make a valid selection of the feature.
	Return Book
	Name of Book - required
	Author name - automically populated and non editable.
	Serial No of the book is a mandatory field
	Issue Date - is automatically populated - and non editable
	Return Date - is automatically populated to the date selected while issuing the book. It can be edited to a date earlier or later than that.
	If the form is submitted without these details, an error is displayed on the page, to make a valid selection of the feature.
	With the confirm option used the user is taken to the Pay Fine page, irrespective of whether fine is there or not. 
	Fine Pay
	All the fields are populated except - Fine Paid and Remarks
	If there is no calculated fine, then the user can press confirm and the transaction will be successfully completed.
	For a pending fine, the paid fine check box needs to be selected before the user can complete the return book transaction.
	If the form is submitted without these details, an error is displayed on the page, to make a valid selection of the feature. And book will not be returned till then.
	Add Membership
	All fields mandatory and the user needs to select one option - 6 months or 1 year or 2 years . By default - 6 months is selected.
	Update Membership
	Membership Number is mandatory, based on which the rest of the fields are populated. User can extend their membership or cancel their membership
	By default - six months extension of membership selected.
	Add Book
	One of the options movie or book to be selected. By default - book.
	All fields mandatory.
	An error message to be thrown on the page if user does not enter all details and confirms the form.
	Update Book
	One of the options movie or book to be selected. By default - book.
	All fields mandatory.
	An error message to be thrown on the page if user does not enter all details and confirms the form.
	User Management
	One of the options new user or existing to be selected. By default - new.
	Name is mandatory


